1)Using Node.js and Mongo, develop a program to accept USN,Name, Subject_code, CIE marks and store the information in a database and display students whose CIE<20.

2)Using Node.js and Mongo, develop a program to accept ‘Student’ information viz. Name,USN, Dept, Grade from a web page and store the information in a database and update Student grade with the name specified by the user.

3)Write a node.js program that connects to the mongo database called ‘Movies’. Create a collection called ‘HindiFilms’ with fields ‘Name’, ‘Budget’, ‘Hero’ and ‘Heroine’and display the films whose budget > 5000000.

4)Write a node.js program using Express framework to display top 5 Engineering Colleges in Karnataka and their branch details. Display with proper format.

5)Using Node.js and Mongo, create a database called ‘Library ’. Create a collection called ‘books ’ with fields ‘Name’, ‘title ’, ‘author’, subject and ‘year’. Accept these fields information from a web page and to store it in the database. Delete the book information which does not belongs to 'cse' subject.

6)Write a node.js program using Express framework accept USN, Name, branch and Marks Validate name and marks fields such that Name should not empty and Marks should be an integer. (Note: Use Express Validator)

7)Using node.js and Mongo create a database called ‘FinalYears’. Create a collection ‘Student’ with ‘USN’,’Name’ and ‘Company_name’ (by campus selection) as fields. Write a node.js program to insert and Count the number of students who are selected for 'Infosys' and display all the information on the webpage.

8)Write a node.js program using Express framework to accept user name, Branch, Semester,from web page and display the information as below
	Handle both get and post methods 
	Branch should be underlined
	Name should be in bold face.

9)Write a node.js program using Express framework to display different tourist places of India with different background color (Note: Use Routing, Min: 3 states)

10)Using Node.js and Mongo, create a database called ‘College’. Create a collection called 'Department’ with fields ‘ID’, ‘Title’, ‘Name’, and ‘branch’. Accept these fields information from a web page and to store it in the database. Display all the faculty who belongs "CSE" branch and Title is "PROFESSOR".